README.md, before:

# Skate
A custom programming language written in Python.

## How?
It's basically string manipulation. I have no idea what lexers or tokens are in the programming language-making world is, so basically I strip, split, replace, etc. strings.

## Setup

Make sure you Python 3.7 or higher.

### Step 1: Get the source code
You do this in two ways: The first is to download the source code directly from GitHub. You can do this by clicking on the `Code` button, pressing `Download ZIP` then extracting it.

The second (and easier option in my opinion) is to clone the repository. You do need [Git](https://git-scm.com) for this. In your terminal, type:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/TechStudent11/Skate.git
```

This will clone the repository to your disk.

### Step 2: Wait, how do even run this thing?!
It's simple. Just run `run.py` against the file you want to run. For example, if you want to run the `test.sk` file in the repo, type this into the terminal (while in the source code directory):

```bash
$ python run.py test.sk
```

This will run `test.sk`

## Documentation
WIP

## Contributing
Contributing can be as simple as opening an issue for a bug or feature request. If you want to implement a feature or fix a bug, try it (even though my code is very messy at the moment) and open a PR.

Thanks for checking this out!

Commit message:

add: todo list to readme

README.md, after:

# Skate
A custom programming language written in Python.

## How?
It's basically string manipulation. I have no idea what lexers or tokens are in the programming language-making world, so basically I strip, split, replace, etc. strings.

## Setup

Make sure you have Python 3.7 or higher.

### Step 1: Get the source code
You do this in two ways: The first is to download the source code directly from GitHub. You can do this by clicking on the `Code` button, pressing `Download ZIP` then extracting it.

The second (and easier option in my opinion) is to clone the repository. You do need [Git](https://git-scm.com) for this. In your terminal, type:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/TechStudent11/Skate.git
```

This will clone the repository to your disk.

### Step 2: Wait, how do even run this thing?!
It's simple. Just run `run.py` against the file you want to run. For example, if you want to run the `test.sk` file in the repo, type this into the terminal (while in the source code directory):

```bash
$ python run.py test.sk
```

This will run `test.sk`

## Documentation
WIP

## To Do List
*Key:*
```
✔️ = Implemented
🧑🏾‍💻 = Working On It
✖️ = Not Yet Implemented
❌ = Not Comming to the language
```

- ✔️ Functions 
- ✔️ Variables
- ✔️ Simple `print` function
- 🧑🏾‍💻 Return in Functions
- ✖️ Compile to executable
- ✖️ Classes

## Contributing
Contributing can be as simple as opening an issue for a bug or feature request. If you want to implement a feature or fix a bug, try it (even though my code is very messy at the moment) and open a PR.

Thanks for checking this out!
